doc: suit: user guide fixes for 2.7.0 (#15804)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/device_guides/working_with_nrf/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_suit_hierarchical_manifests.rst

   :depth: 2

The Software Updates for the Internet of Things (SUIT) procedure provides the option to employ a hierarchical manifest system.

> In theory the SUIT SFU procedure could be executed with a single manifest; however, this approach could lead to certain limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In theory, the SUIT DFU procedure could be executed with a single manifest; however, this approach would lead to certain limitations.
```

Author: Fixed

> In theory, the SUIT DFU procedure could be executed with a single manifest; however, this approach would lead to certain limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SUIT DFU procedure could be executed with a single manifest; however, this approach would lead to certain limitations as multiple manifests offer more tailored-control of the DFU process.
```
